fix some inconsistencies (#1173)
ember-learn/guides-source: guides/release/routing/specifying-a-routes-model.md

Sometimes you need to fetch a model, but your route doesn't have the parameters, because it's
a child route and the route directly above or a few levels above has the parameters that your route
needs.

> You might run into this if you have a URL like `/album/4/songs/18`, and when you're in the comments route, you need a photo ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You might run into this if you have a URL like `/album/4/songs/18`, and when you're in the songs route, you need an album ID.
```
